change for you now that you're going
into year two of this arm is changelog
kilometer of a Bartolotta system I think
for me personally snowing when everyone
else doing affects mine is doing is
downplaying will now play both alpha T
so now i know what the mics don't suck
correlates to me so i know what he's
doing I know what I'm going will so it
helps out a lot so I'm growing a lot in
the system got a lot more mature to be
the coach pitiable has the kind of Satan
has the faith in you that he's letting
you play both Mike it will feel more
than to put you out there I mean it
means a lot of shows you trust me me
it's definitely difficult because I know
last year I had trouble learning a lot
of Mike now that I'm going to will is
definitely help it out learn about Donna
so diff different means a lot are you
more comfortable at one over the other I
mean probably right now will comfortable
mine just because I'm just a lowly will
but the end of spring I'll get us down
down pat and comfortable of those of
them obviously you have the physical
nature that you need to play linebacker
but what do you need to improve in your
game to kind of step it up this year um
probably just getting the web or
mentally smack like followed by L so I
can just get out my responsibilities and
no one else doing they'll help me out a
lot how much did last year help you you
know getting significant snaps playing
special teams Emma said that
homeownership I helped me a lot
definitely just pointing a lot of older
guys in the field college football coach
your eyes clear why don't like hajipur
so different
stronger but you don't really fully
realize how different it isn't it's a
plan linebackers to be a motion physical
education said they want you to rain
that part of your game in or do they say
they want you to be um a definite with
me it's certain parts of practice like
we practiced um the youth day or day
we're doing a dud period and we're in
full pads and I just like automatically
full power full pads we're definitely
going to tackling and I didn't forgot
that Coach 20 told me that it was a dud
period and I'll just went like all out
and it's completely tackles running back
and he got mad sir in some aspects of
the game I need to calm down but they
are telling them what should I tell
player was and goes something out a lot
getting thrown out of the game last year
anything that you can take turns out
just kind of the poach stuff of bringing
those emotions in I mean oh I only got
thrown out just because I love with my
head yes yeah eyes down if I happening
out probably done it you feel so bloated
Brown yeah that's the way I could have
tempted so that play came up again this
year not attack them the exact same way
they are trying to change football and
how we tackle and I understand their try
keep us safe but I know the way that's
happening so where did that mentality
compounded come from from growing up
with Garrett you know you guys
constantly going at it um probably just
with my parents raised me I mean get
definitely little and Garrett getting
bullied by him walked on in her life my
entire family extended family I grew up
with like me and my all my cousin's
raced motocross until we're like 10
years old I'm quite exciting a breakable
arm and then I almost had to cut my arm
off it's got infected so bad so we I
guess just racing motocross all my
cousins every single day in that
physical nature motor crawl is probably
definitely translated ever football so
motocross is more physical
yeah for sure yep way you're gonna fight
going 40 50 miles per hour run number
jumps and that's when I when I broke my
arm I got ran over by dollars got the
holeshot hit a rock flip and got ran
over by everybody and was knocked out I
had a whole more my bone went through
more got dirt on it and got infected
out-of-home arm my dad put duct tape
alarm and try let me go racing it i'm
off custom l any colleague like gabe in
mississippi the hospital by venus really
the way our parents raised me and
definitely definitely motocross has
fumbled oh IM sorry it was towing like
until that's my brother grade we had to
click the X I was out for two years so I
had a lot of operations on my arm and
like that scar there I'll get farm just
screw it up really the other day you
guys having to tackle drill you took the
ball from Stefan talk about that plan
whistles oh there's at home oh this is
how I was raised me I gotta play like
some gods or 6 40 to 44 also what bless
without that tied on a speed so I got
make up for the way up play a blank much
rather be a pot sighs and I'm a
mentality I gotta play with so Wilson's
and beat 64 human fast and be lazy
sometimes never take all place I'm gonna
help now but a coach venables tell you
needed to improve on heading into this
year Royce or mentally slow to the blade
for I'm always going to grow the players
do you have that like urge and fire to
learn learn more and farm owner players
get more into play the defense of
perspective